fight here we are and induces a bonus
edition of mixed minutes and I'm talking
to here with the organic of Alaska is
just back from the South American worker
qualified championships where she
represented Columbia and already tell us
a little bit about the experience of
going down tell us a little bit where
you were and how you got there and then
some of the first round games that you
play okay well that that was a great
experience we qualified to the only
increase games world cup of pine
Americanos was something like just a
dream that I I said commit like I'd ever
know um I'm so happy we were in equal
are we playing cuenca loca many cities
and towns and we play the final the
final brown in quito we get a second
place we beat argentina with tie against
chile and we laws against brazil butt
Brazil Brazil were the champions from
Brazil with yeah yeah they don't want
yeah okay and what about some of the
games we played in you scored a goal
it's got a goal against Venezuela and I
played all the games like blaze day
again through Y or until cars okay
accumulation of young coach and he had
two yellow cards you have to sit out
again so a couple yellow cards and
that's in that game and that's a good
aggressive play right yeah I is
difference of America and like game like
how we play is different so here we're
more stronger than in Colombia so was
was kind of hard to each other the
physical play the physical play yeah and
how the experience of playing here
Indiana and playing
shocker helped you with the Colombian
national team plane just didn't apply he
felt good going back there oh yeah was
good that I was just kara like little
like I told me I told you at the
altitude but after a week I felt really
well and well it was different like Mike
like I was in shape so it was like kind
of different conflicting related to to
the other players yeah so I guess I'm
doing an excellent job here so you think
you're ready did not further than the
other place yeah let's grab subway and
the altitude in Ecuador the altitude was
so high more than 20 times or is it Stu
2007 to 2,600 yeah 2600 yeah so I was
hired it's high but in Kita's 2008
eighty eight hundred years yeah okay and
then so you you flew how to convey to
bogota you train there with the team for
a paradise in for a few days how do you
get to Ecuador and how do you get around
Ecuador I got like I got to Colombia I
can well I don't know well whatever fire
three days before we will leave like
life to a color we got to what a keel
and then we playing loja the first the
first round and then we we move on like
around Ecuador to play unix linux games
okay and then you bust around who has
returned plus the last two games we we
must do to kita was it last and then
flew home and was there a big
celebration when you go back to convey
with the depressed and everybody got to
be a very
the national team yeah because we did
something great I no one in our country
however so on that like it's really
exciting to know that we are we are one
of these people that make roughly make
history on oh absolutely absolutely made
history and qualified for the world cup
in germany 2011 or 16 teams of thing
they're qualified the u.s. just
qualifies yes lasting to get there so
playing in the World Cup hopefully next
year and then following that that also
qualifies you to play in the olympics in
london yeah 2012 I'll be there I'm
support you doing here so I'll
congratulations it's awesome great for
you right for Colombia and gratefully
and down the university thanks so much
ok so thank you